Make LogEntry Buffer configurable for agent (#6773)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/30-administration/10-configuration/30-agent.md

---

## LOG_ENTRY_STREAM_BUFFER_SIZE

- Name: `WOODPECKER_LOG_ENTRY_STREAM_BUFFER_SIZE`
- Default: `100`

> Set how many log lines an agent can buffer before it blocks io.Pipe, expect logentries to reach 1M in worst case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set how many log lines an agent can buffer before it blocks io.Pipe, expect logentries to reach 1 MB in worst case.
```
